good morning everybody it's Friday
februari 20th you know what that means
it's ur day again another one has come
to pass they come so quickly now the
disappointment just radiates from one
week to the other so let's go do it
let's go see what he has as we always do
like you do and yeah I hope everybody's
having fun this week the nightfall was
really hard here's sir and we have than
that it ended up ah alright well
disappointment continues nearly and
beyond it's all I have to say is alright
but anyway we got a exotic shards we
have exotic Engram chest Ingram's this
week we have the void Fang investments
for the Warlocks we have the radiant
dance machines again for the hunter we
have the chest of the Alpha loop I again
for the Titans we have upgrade we have
knucklehead radar apothecary symbiote
for the hunters we have in surmountable
skull fort we have the crust Leah flew
by we have voy fag investments also both
of these for sale and for upgrade bungee
some breakers I have to say some breaker
again I'm just going to really get angry
when it comes to this dude plant see
invective the last word medium
multi-tool bad juju the hard light we
also have auto rifle telemetry 'he's we
have fusion rifle telemetry 'he's
shotgun celebritrees we have the Emerald
coil as we usually do void drive and we
have heavy ammo sin well that's
something good at least I know a lot of
people have been saying ah man heavy
ammo since gay jeez dare heavy ammo
EP well there you go there's the heavy
ammo so so we can stop asking about that
you can stop saying he doesn't do
anything for you he heard you he heard
the AVM au synth but that's all you
heard oh alright well I guess that's it
I don't know what else there is really
to do say i'm trying to think there was
something else people have been asking
me to do a few other things when this
when this comes out on fridays but now i
forget what they asked about I think
it's desert we're going to just do sir
that's what we're going to do iron
banner still going on so check that out
get your if you need a piece of arm
gauntlets or boots 36 light pretty good
talk about that on Tuesday anyway guys
thanks for coming in watching please
like comment and subscribe if you
enjoyed this video and as always we'll
see in the next one little